[t]Distance, position, time, velocity, accelaration, mass, gravity, force, determination, energy, waves, electricity, charge, probability and light.\\
Most of those words are part of your common language. But not everybody who uses those words, knows their exact physical meaning. The special relativity physicists have different imaginations of for example distance, time, light and mass. Engineers or applied Pysicists work with classical mechanical and electrical terms. A particle physicist works with accelaration, mass and so on: But this app is about the quantumphysics and it's special phenomenas. From those everyday-terms the position, the energy, the waves, the light, the probability and the determination are part of quantumphysics. But if you want you can connect every term in physics with the quantumtheory, but those are the most important. Quantumphysics changed the comprehension of physics itself. And so it changed our whole insight in life. There are a lot of things in which classical mechanics and quantummechanics have a lot of differences. So since the early 20th-century everyone, who was interested in physics, had a new comprehension of matter, light, waves, chance and a lot topics more. We will deal with the main topics of quantumphysics in this app. \\²"The atoms or elementary particles themselves are not real; they form a world of potentialities or possibilities rather than one of things or facts."²\
- Werner Heisenberg \\
Heisenberg himself was a very important contributer to quantumphysics. He made one of the most important statements about uncertainty of momentum and position. This is one of the biggest differences between classical mechanics and quantummechanics. Not to explain it now but is has something to do with the fact that you cant determine every charasteristic of a particle for 100% at once.\
In the early 1900's the german physicist Max Planck thought about the black body radiation, the quantization of energy and the relation between the frequency and the energy of photons (lightparticles). You can say that Planck was the founder of quantumphysics. Quantumphysics describes the motion and behavior of the smallest known particles and is mostly complicated because of the interaction between the one particle and all others in surrounding. The quantumphysics also changed our atomic theory a lot, because of the undetermination of the position. We think, that if everyone would think in quantumphysical ways we would get a lot closer to the "world-formula".[\]
