[t]If you understood the previous chapters (especially "Spin") this will be easy for you.\
Imagine observing an orbital, if you measure the spin of only one of the electrons according to the pauli exclusion you automatically know the spin of the other electron. Because there only are these two possibilities. So you do not have a transmission velocity but you have a direct transmission. The electrons are entangled. And now transfer this phenomena on another quantum system which has a way higher volume than an orbital. If you measure one value of one object the other value gets known instantly (because we now take  a value in which the quantum objects are different) irrespective of the distance between the two objects.\
But there is still the question of how we create two entangled quantum objects. For our example you have to be familiar with the law of the conservation of angular momentum (spin), I think it is obvious what the law states. So let us imagine one quantum system consisting two particles and all of their quantum numbers match beside the spin (like in an orbital), the two particles collide, one of them is particle A+ and the other one is it's antiparticle A-, as it is it's antiparticle it has the same mass etc. but the opposite electric charge. And as we are in the quantum system they have the opposite spins. So if they collide they release energy in form of 2 photons. And as our early mentioned law states our system still has to have a total spin of 0. But our released photons also have spins. And those spins cannot change the total spin. So their spins also have to be the opposite value of each other. Now you have the same situation as you had it with the electrons, in the moment you measure the spin of one photon the spin of the other is instantly opposite. Maybe quantum entanglement will be used to transfer data with speed higher than the speed light which is according to Einstein's theory of relativity the highest data exchange speed between 2 points.[\]   
