[t]Superposition is a really fundamental principle of quantum mechanics. As we know there is a wavefunction for every particle or each kind of matter. And the main point of superposition is, that: Imagine having an electron and investigating the position of it. \
The electron is in every possible position at once until you measure the position. For example in chemistry: the electrons of each atom are in orbitals and not (like in Bohr's atomic model) on rings because you simply can't precisely say where they are so you give an orbital which is just the space in which they are with a high probability. \
Without this superposition the electron would emit its energy in form of synchroton radiation while orbiting the nucleus and fall into the nucleus. This also has something to do with Heisenberg's uncertainty principle but you can also take it as an example for quantum superposition. So with every physical size you have this 'problem' you don't know how fast a particle is, where it is or so on until you measure it. \
And it's not the end of problems; you don't have a real value, you have one of the possible values.
And there is just one of them which has the highest probability to be measured. And you could ask yourself how it's decided which value is measured. Every value to measure has a so called probability amplitude and the square of this probability amplitude is the probability to measure this value. So if you have three values and one of them has a ½ chance to get measured and the other values both have a chance of ¼ to get measured, the first value has a probability amplitude of (1/2)^0.5 = 0.5^0.5 (approximately 0.71) and the other values have probability amplitudes of ½ because 4^0.5 equals 2. \
Another example: If we execute the same experiment under the same conditions a lot of times with objects from the macroworld, like a bullet we expect the same result every time and with a bullet we always get the same result. But if we use electrons instead we also expect one result every time but because of quantum superposition and the fact that electrons are quantum objects we get different results. We can see this at the double slit experiment. \
The wavefunction in superposition is calculated through adding up every possible wavefunction.[\]
